
1. Hello, I’m going to present to you what may be the future of means of air transportation, First I will talk about solar impulse 1 and 2, After I will talk about airbus Vahana. Solar impulse 1 and 2, are both 2 airplanes that fly only by using solar energy thanks to solar panels on their wings. In 2009, the first prototype of the solar impulse was created and in 2015 it traveled around the world. After in 2014 made a second version of the prototype “solar impulse II”, with better specifications like more solar cells on wings, they go from 11,628 solar cells to 17,248 solar cells *% improvement, bigger batteries from 4 batteries of 21kWh each to 4 batteries of 41kWh. Solar Impulse aren’t not so efficient because their goal is to prove that it’s possible to fly only by solar energy, but it’s not very reliable because the airplane needs very large wings (around 70 meters) and has only one person, and uses lithium batteries that are very bad for the environment. Next Vahana, Vahana is an autonomous self piloted electric airplane which has for goal to transport people, it has a range of around 50 km. It 3 meter height ans 7 meter wide, one of the big advantages of vahana is because it's flying and self piloted there aren't any traffic jams and almost no accident, and it's way faster than car, up to 200km/h. It think Vahana can be a new means of transport but only for rich people, like the taxis of rich, first beacuse it's for only one person, also because the ability to fly is very advance with vertical take off, and this technology has a price.
    
2. _[_15:27_]_
    
    SOLAR IMPULSE II Hello, I'm going to present to you the solar impulse 2 So first what is it, it's a plane that fly only by using solar energy with solar panel on it wings. It's was made to prouve to people that there it's possible to use only green energy to travel around the world ! and to show that alernatives exist to airplanes, because it's one of the biggest source of pollution Now I"m going to talk to you about the specifications of the solar impulse 2 It can support only one person, has a weight of around 2.3 tones, with a wingspan of about 72 metters, and there are 12,248 solars cells and it has 4 propellers and 4 batteries. and can fly up to 28 000 feet, which is arounf 8.5 kilometers with an everage speed of 75km/h wihtout any fuel comsuption. It's flying thanks to 4 propellers of 7.5kWatt with a diameter of 4 meters and powered by 4 batteries of 41kWh It work with solars panels that fill up the batteries that is distributed by a powerboard and is converted to movement thank to the propellers, propellers is controled by a control panel that compute informations thanks to the processor and the motherboard. Here we can see a typical day of the solar impulse, the batteries are filled up by solar panel and the plane go up, so the night when it's only powered by batteries the plane drop a little bit to reduce power compsuption and this repeat the day after. So in general I think this type of plane can ba a good alternatives but it need to be more performant, and the creation of this plane is not quite green and for the moment there is only one seat.