**Public Opinion on Wind Turbines in France** According to a survey conducted in France in the summer of 2021, 70% of respondents had a positive image of wind energy. However, over 50% of respondents in another survey conducted in France that same year were opposed to the idea of living near a wind farm. Therefore, it’s clear that public opinion on wind turbines in France is divided.


**Offshore Wind Farms** : offshore windfarms produce more electricty than regular windfarms, because the wind blows more frequently and is stronger. But they are more expensive to build, have  depht limitation,so they cannot be build everywhere, and have a higher environmental impact, for birds and marine animals. Can destroy beautiful coastline.


**Are Wind Turbines Really Eco-Friendly?** The construction of wind turbines is a very energy-intensive process, particularly the production of the steel towers and concrete foundations. However, according to the German Environment Agency, wind turbines take between 2.5 and 11 months to generate the amount of energy that was required for their construction. On average, wind turbines are operated for about 25 years. During this time, they produce 40 times more energy compared to the energy required for the production, operation, and disposal of a wind turbine. Therefore, although the construction of wind turbines has an environmental impact, their long-term operation is considered sustainable and environmentally friendly.

In conclusion, while wind turbines and offshore wind farms are becoming increasingly popular and are seen as a sustainable energy source, public opinion is divided, particularly when it comes to living near these installations. Despite the initial environmental impact of their construction, wind turbines are considered eco-friendly in the long run.


# PV System
PV systems are composed of several devices (solar panels, inverters, mounting supports, circuit breakers, and cables) with the aim of producing electrical energy from the sun. The cost of a PV system is relatively high, and not everyone can benefit from it, even though there are subsidies in certain countries like France. The initial cost is very high but it becomes profitable over time. This type of system works very well in the south and middle of France, or in countries like Spain or Italy (where it is very hot and there is a lot of sun), but in the north, profitability is lower due to the lack of sun, but it is still somewhat interesting. There are other alternatives like transparent solar panels that heat water using the sun’s heat to consume less electricity, which is very efficient but only in very sunny regions.